[otbn] Move, document and tidy up otbn-rig (#4994)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/otbn/dv/rig/README.md

of one. A snippet containing a sequence of `N` instructions has a size
of `N`. For a more interesting example, consider an if/else branch
that would look something like this in C:

```C
    if (A) {
        B;
    } else {
        C;
    }
```

If calculating `A` takes `a` cycles and `B` and `C` have a size of `b`
and `c` respectively, then the entire snippet has size `a + max(b,
c)`. The general idea is that the size taken by a snippet is an upper
bound on the number of instructions that it causes the processor to
execute. This might not be a strict upper bound: for example, it won't
be strict if `a != b` in the if/else snippet above.

### Snippets

The random program is built from blocks called "snippets". The
simplest possible snippet is a sequence of straight-line instructions.
There are also more complicated snippets like conditional branches and
loops. The JSON output format represents this tree of snippets.

### Initialised data

The generated program is designed never to trigger architecturally
unspecified behaviour. It might trigger errors, but its execution will
never depend on things like the initial contents of the register file
or uninitialised memories.

> If there is no initialised data in the image, this means any load

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there would be no initialised data in the image, this means any load
```

Or swap the paragraphs 2 and 3 to have the implemented functionality first, and the motivation after that.

Author: Yeah, I rewrote this paragraph three times trying to come up with a nice way to say things. I've just pushed up a new version that gives up and doesn't provide as much detail. Much easier to read, and anyone who wants to know more can read the comments in the code!

instruction needs some stores to have happened beforehand. What's
more, the big number instructions almost all need data in the wide
register file, which is easiest to generate with `BN.LID` (wide load)
instructions. As a result, if there is no initialised data in the
image, the initial part of the program barely uses instructions
outside of the underlying RV32I instruction set.

To work around this, the generated program also includes a few words
of (randomly) initialised data, scattered around dmem.

## The asm command

Once a random program has been generated, the `asm` command can be
used to convert it to an assembly listing. This, in turn, can be
assembled and linked using the toolchain in `hw/ip/otbn/util`.

> Unlike the `gen` command, this step is completely deterministic.

Reviewer: Isn't `gen` deterministic as long as the same seed is given?

Author: Good point! I've rewritten things to make it a bit more sensible.
